[Music]
Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour
addresses the Wizarding media stating
that the ministry remains strong even as
Lord Voldemort gains power the Death
Eaters are committing mass killings of
muggles and infiltrating the ministry
Harry Potter Ron Weasley and Hermione
Granger set out to complete the mission
Dumbledore gave Harry by hunting down in
destroying Voldemort's Horcruxes Severus
Snape informs Lord Voldemort and the
Death Eaters of Harry's impending
departure from privet drive
Voldemort commandeers Lucius Malfoy
Wanda's Voldemort's own wand cannot be
used to kill Harry because they share
the same core the order of the Phoenix
escort Harry to safety using Polyjuice
potion to create decoy Harry's during
their flight their ambushed by Death
Eaters who killed Matty Moody and Hedwig
injure George Weasley and knock out
Hagrid arriving at the Burrow
Harry has a vision of the one maker
Ollivander being tortured by Voldemort
the next day Scrimgeour arrives at the
burrow with Albus Dumbledore's will Ron
receives Dumbledore's deluminator
Hermione receives a copy of the tales of
Beedle The Bard and Harry receives the
first Golden Snitch that he caught in a
Quidditch match Scrimgeour reveals that
Harry was also given the sword of Godric
Gryffindor the minister tells Harry that
the sword was not Dumbledore's to give
and is missing the Death Eaters kill
Scrimgeour and replaced him with pius
thicknesse the ministry arrests and
persecutes muggle-born witches and
wizards during bill Weasley and
fleur-de-lis kurz wedding Death Eaters
attack Harry Hermione and Ron to
separate to London but are attacked in a
diner by Death Eaters the trio seek
refuge at 12 Grimmauld place they
discovered that the Rab from the fake
Horcrux locket is Regulus Arcturus black
younger brother of Sirius black creature
the blacks house elf tells them that
mundungus Fletcher broke in and stole
many items from the house including the
real locket creature and Dobby apprehend
Fletcher who reveals that the locket is
in the possession of Dolores Umbridge
using Polyjuice potion
the trio infiltrate the ministry and
find the locket around on bridges neck
Harry stuns Umbridge and Hermione
retrieves the locket the trio escaped
their pursuers by operating in the
wilderness but Ron is injured and cannot
operate again until he recovers after
unsuccessful attempt to destroy the
Horcrux
the trio take turns wearing it to dilute
its power Harry sees a vision of
Voldemort interrogating and killing the
wand maker grigorevich who claims a
teenage boy stole the legendary Elder
Wand from his shop while Ron is wearing
the locket he has overcome by negative
feelings and argued with Harry before
abandoning him and Hermione
Hermione deduces that the Sword of
Gryffindor can destroy Horcruxes and
decides with Harry to go to Godric's
Hollow they visit Harry's parents his
grave and the house where they were
killed they encounter Bathilda Bagshot
where they believe may have the sword
the dildo lets Harry and Hermione into
her house and is revealed to actually be
90-degree animated corpse from inside of
her Hermione and Harry escape into the
forest of dean but Hermione accidentally
breaks Harry's wand whilst fighting
Nagini Hermione identifies the
mysterious thief in Harry's vision as
Gellert Grindelwald
Harry sees a Patronus in the form of a
doe which leads him to a frozen pond
Gryffindor's sword lies beneath the
ponds ice which Harry breaks and jumps
in to retrieve the sword the locket
around his neck strangles him but Ron
arrives and rescues Harry Harry uses
Parseltongue to open the locket and Ron
destroys the Horcrux with the sword
Hermione and Ron reconcile and the trio
decide to visit Xenophilius Lovegood to
learn more about a symbol drawn in the
book Dumbledore left Hermione Lovegood
explains to them that the symbol
represents the Deathly Hallows three
magical objects that can make a wizard
master of death
Hermione reads the story of the Hallows
and after some awkward conversation the
trio try to leave but are stopped by
Lovegood he reveals that Luna has been
kidnapped before summoning the Death
Eaters intending to hand over Harry in
exchange for her Harry Ron and Hermione
to separate as love goods house is
destroyed back in the wilderness the
trio sets up camp when Snatchers find
them Hermione uses a cursed disguise
Harry's features as the Snatchers take
them to Malfoy Manor
Bellatrix Lestrange imprisons Harry and
Ron in the cellar with Luna Ollivander
and Griphook the Goblin Bellatrix
tortures Hermione for information on how
they got the Sword of Gryffindor which
Bellatrix claims was in her vault at
Gringotts
Harry requests help communicating with a
piece of broken mirror in his possession
Dobby operates into the cellar to save
them Harry and Ron rushed to save
Hermione and a battle ensues that sees
Harry disarmed Draco Malfoy Dobby drops
a chandelier onto Bellatrix forcing her
to release Hermione
Bellatrix throws her knife at them as
Dobby grabs everyone into seperates they
arrive at Shell cottage and find that
Bellatrix's knife is fatally wounded
Dobby
Harry insists that they buried obby
without any magic
Voldemort breaks into Dumbledore's tomb
and steals the Elder Wand revealed to
have been in Dumbledore's possession
[Music]